README.md, before:

# README

**This repository is less than an alpha release !
This is just a playground to see what dotclear could become.**

## WHAT IS DOTCLEAR

Dotclear is an open-source web publishing software.
Take control over your blog!

Dotclear project's purpose is to provide a user-friendly
tool allowing anyone to publish on the web, regardless of
their technical skills.

## DOCUMENTATION

These files are part of dotclear-blog repository.

For more information on Dotclear, see README file at 
- official repository <https://git.dotclear.org/dotclear/> or 
- Github mirror <https://github.com/dotclear/dotclear>

## REQUIREMENTS

In order to run Dotclear you need:

-   A web server (Apache, Cherokee, Nginx, lighttpd, etc.)
-   PHP 8.1 with the following modules:
    -   mbstring
    -   iconv
    -   simplexml
    -   mysqli, postgresql or sqlite
-   A database server (MySQL or PostgreSQL) or SQLite.

## INSTALLATION

Using **Git** and **Composer** in your web directory path :

```shell
mkdir myblog
git clone https://github.com/JcDenis/dotclear-blog myblog
cd myblog
composer install
```

Then go to your web url `http://my-domain.com/myblog` and follow dotclear installation process.

## License

Copyright Olivier Meunier & Association Dotclear

GPL-2.0-only <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.

Commit message:

remove unused options form composer file

README.md, after:

# README

**This repository is less than an alpha release !
This is just a playground to see what dotclear could become.**

## WHAT IS DOTCLEAR

Dotclear is an open-source web publishing software.
Take control over your blog!

Dotclear project's purpose is to provide a user-friendly
tool allowing anyone to publish on the web, regardless of
their technical skills.

## DOCUMENTATION

These files are part of dotclear-blog repository.

For more information on Dotclear, see README file at 
- official repository <https://git.dotclear.org/dotclear/> or 
- Github mirror <https://github.com/dotclear/dotclear>

## REQUIREMENTS

In order to run Dotclear you need:

-   A web server (Apache, Cherokee, Nginx, lighttpd, etc.)
-   PHP 8.1 with the following modules:
    -   mbstring
    -   iconv
    -   simplexml
    -   mysqli, postgresql or sqlite
-   A database server (MySQL or PostgreSQL) or SQLite.

## INSTALLATION

Using **Git** and **Composer** in your web directory path :

```sh
mkdir myblog
git clone https://github.com/JcDenis/dotclear-blog myblog
cd myblog
composer install
```

Then go to your web url `http://my-domain.com/myblog` and follow dotclear installation process.

Or if you do not have **Git**, just unzip in to your web directory path 
the lastest release of this repository available at <https://github.com/JcDenis/dotclear-blog/releases>
then follow previous composer step.

## License

Copyright Olivier Meunier & Association Dotclear

GPL-2.0-only <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html>

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
